Blind your dog eyes
This is the only daughter of the Ye family
Miss Ye Mengye
He said I should shut up.
You shameless servant
Hurry up and wipe the table and get out
Don't you feel guilty for pretending for so long?
Since you don't know how to respect people
Then I don't need to save face for you.
What do you want?
Let the housekeeper meet your eldest lady
You feed me to death
What are you afraid of?
You are the eldest lady
After the housekeeper arrives
Let him take this unknowing dog man and woman
Throw it out with this servant
Good idea.
Oh, dear.
It's all the fault of the small ones. What about the sisters-in-law and gentlemen?
Ok I beg you
Don't call the butler
Otherwise, I won't be able to keep my job. It's alright
I'll talk to the housekeeper.
Oops, a poor country man takes you to say hum
Did what you said work?
No, no.
I'm on the table
Don't worry, I'll go first.
If you have any orders, call me again
Oh, dear.
What's all this?
Poor untouchables
Come ride on my head
Auntie, don't be angry.
After the dinner party is over?
I drove that ignorant old woman
He didn't do anything wrong.
You have no right to fire him either
He is not qualified
Do you have it?
Of course I have Ye Qiuyan
This is not the occasion for you to talk big
How did this stinky man give you courage?
When the new president arrives, you two will look good
By the way, Mengmeng
The new president of the Yeh Group
That must be your Ye family
Who is it?